
[SoCinfo] Call for Book Chapters: Industry and Research Perspectives on Embedded System Design

*CALL FOR CHAPTERS*

*(Deadline May 30, 2013)*

*Call for Chapters: Industry and Research Perspectives on Embedded System
Design* https://sites.google.com/a/softeam-rd.eu/book/-call-for-chapters

*Call for Chapters*
Proposals Submission Deadline: May 30, 2013 Full Chapters Due: September 30,
2013 Submission Date: December 30, 2013

*Introduction*

Nowadays, real-time and embedded systems have become increasingly
sophisticated, with new and continuous evolving hardware designs and
software, albeit with a drawback of the hardware design outpacing the
software development. This has given rise to issues related to increased
development life cycles, non recurring engineering costs, and poor synergism
between the different development teams related to hardware and software
development. It is also evident that in the near future, embedded systems
will become more complicated to design unless new and effective
methodologies are developed to combat aspects related to embedded software
design.

*Objective of the Book*

The book will provide contributions from practitioners of the embedded
systems community, both from the industry as well as the academia, involved
in the European research projects focusing on real-time and embedded
systems. These projects focus on a diverse range of design principles
related to these complex systems, ranging from their specification at high
abstraction levels using standards such as UML and related profiles (SySML,
MARTE, AUTOSAR, etc.), to intermediate design phases related to
verification, timing, scheduling, and performance analysis, down to low
level implementation details related to the underlying execution platforms
(e.g., synthesis, placement and routing on FPGAs, SoCs and NoCs).

*Target audience*

The target audience of this book will be designers of embedded software,
academicians, students, practitioners, professionals, and researchers
working in the field of real-time and embedded systems development. This
book will be invaluable for theoretical analysis, algorithms, and practical
applications of software engineering for real-time and embedded systems.

*Recommended topics include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Real-Time and Embedded Software Development Process • Software Engineering
Challenges for Real-Time and Embedded Applications • Requirements
Elicitation Approaches for Real-Time and Embedded Applications • Requirement
Specification and Modeling • Analysis and Design Methods for Real-Time and
Embedded Applications • Design Patterns • Model Driven Development •
Methodologies and Tools for System Design • Compilers and CASE/CAD Tools •
Frameworks for Hardware/Software co-design • System level Modeling of
Hardware/Software Systems • Performance analysis and Measurement • Embedded
Testing Standards • Testing methodologies (Simulation, Formal Methods, Board
testing, FPGA testing, System-on-Chip testing, etc.) • Test Quality and
Reliability • Configuration Management for Real-Time and Embedded
Applications • Project management for Real-Time and Embedded Applications •
Formal Approaches to Design, Verification and Validation


*Submission Procedure*

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before May 30,
2013, a 1-2 page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and
concerns of his or her proposed chapter. Authors should submit their
proposal via EasyChair as a PDF or plain text document. Authors of accepted
proposals will be notified by June 15, 2013 about the status of their
proposals and sent chapter guidelines. Full chapters are expected to be
submitted by September 30, 2013. All submitted chapters will be reviewed on
as double-blind review basis. Contributors may also be requested to serve as
reviewers for this project.

The following information should be included in the chapter proposal:

Title
Name and affiliation
Abstract
References of up to five of the most relevant publications related to the
chapter proposal Chapter mission and topics intended to be covered by the
chapter Contact author information

The authors should send the proposal to EasyChair at
https://www.easychair.org/account/signin.cgi?conf=irpesd14.


*Publisher*

This book is scheduled to be published by IGI Global (formerly Idea Group
Inc.), publisher of the “Information Science Reference” (formerly Idea Group
Reference), “Medical Information Science Reference,” “Business Science
Reference,” and “Engineering Science Reference” imprints. For additional
information regarding the publisher, please visit www.igi-global.com. This
publication is anticipated to be released in 2014.
http://www.igi-global.com/publish/call-for-papers/call-details/980

*Important Dates*

May 30, 2013: Proposal Submission Deadline

June 15, 2013: Notification of Acceptance

September 30, 2013: Full Chapter Submission

November 30, 2013: Review Results Returned

December 30, 2013: Final Chapter Submission


*Editors*
Dr. Alessandra Bagnato (Softeam R&D, France), Dr. Leandro Soares Indrusiak
(University of York, UK), Dr. Imran Rafiq Quadri (Softeam R&D, France), and
Dr. Matteo G. Rossi (Politecnico di Milano, Italy)


*Inquiries and submissions can be forwarded electronically (Word
document): alessandra.bagnato@softeam.fr


--
Dr Leandro Soares Indrusiak   -    Real-Time Systems Group
Department of Computer Science -  University of York
http://www.cs.york.ac.uk/~lsi          +44 1904 325570
_______________________________________________
SoCinfo mailing list
SoCinfo@cs.tut.fi
https://mailman.cs.tut.fi/mailman/listinfo/socinfo

